<MAIN>
<DOCNO>101-mitchell-me-D-5-19890125</DOCNO>
<TEXT>

 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 25, 1989, at 10 a.m. to hold a hearing on the recent trend in corporate restructurings, mounting debt in the corporate sector, and the relationship of these trends to the tax law. 
 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
<DOC>
<DOCNO>101-humphrey-nh-R-2-19890906</DOCNO>
<TEXT>

 Mr. HUMPHREY. Mr. President, I have three amendments to offer which I understand are acceptable to the managers on both sides. Before I do that, I want to commend our colleague from California, Mr. Wilson, for the outstanding amendment which he has offered the Senate and on which we will be voting I trust soon. 
 Mr. President, I suppose it is easier for me and for that matter Senator Wilson to be critical of the franking issue, the use of the frank, the abuse of the frank because neither he nor I are running for election. We are both leaving the Senate. So it is a lot easier for us to address the franking privilege. 
 Before anyone accuses me of hypocrisy, I want to acknowledge that, like I suppose virtually everyone in this Chamber, I have overly used the frank from time to time, and to be even more honest I have abused the frank. And if there is a Senator in this Chamber who has not I would like to nominate that Senator for sainthood because he or she is a noble Senator indeed. 
 The fact of the matter is the frank is grossly overly used, and frankly it is abused. Let us face it. It is one of the prerogatives Members of Congress use to get reelected. It is one of the reasons why the reelection rate in the House of Representatives, for example, for those who seek reelection is 98.5 percent. At least it was in the last election. That is outrageous. 
 We used to hear about the imperial Presidency. Now it is imperial Congress, or if you will the invisible Congress, the unconquerable Congress. One of the reasons we have such a sluggish and almost nonexistent turnover in the membership of this body, and in particular the House, is that the incumbents have such enormous advantages over challengers. One of those enormous advantages, let us be honest, is the frank, the ability to use that frank, to save it up, and to use it heavily prior to an election cycle so that we can get our name out there before the American people. I did it. I think most Members have done it. It is an enormous temptation. So let us deal with it sensibly removing the temptation. 
 That is what the amendment of the Senator from California would do. It would simply zero out funds for mass mailings and devote the savings to a very praiseworthy and humanitarian effort--namely, the relief of these distressed children who are born to mothers who have abused drugs. It would devote the savings to that and to other programs in the area of dealing with this terrible problem of drug abuse in our society. 
 We will hear a lot of rhetoric in the next few weeks about the so-called war on drugs and the new battle plan, if you will. Here is a way for us to get off on the right foot. Here is a way for us to set an example. 
 President Bush, in his address, said it is essential that everyone get involved--everyone. Well, we are not used to thinking of ourselves as every man. We like to exempt ourselves from the laws that we pass and the regulations that we force upon everyone else. But maybe it is time to turn over a new leaf. I certainly think it is, and here is the good opportunity to do just that. 
 So I commend the Senator from California, and it is an outstanding, excellent amendment. I hope it will be adopted. I urge him to stick to his guns and insist upon a rollcall vote so that in conference our negotiators, our conferees, will have a strengthened hand in keeping the Wilson amendment intact and making it a part of the appropriations bill as it comes out of the conference. 
 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
</MAIN>